week 3 homework
due Sunday 11/2

usual freeform thought journaling I do for every project
let's copy down the directions
-----

2 points: showcase your layout using Figma (link) 
1 point: student submits their code 
0-17 points: Student’s assignment has demonstrated deliverables of the assignment

---
The proper HTML structure (!Doc type, head, body etc...)  -- YOU WILL DO THIS ANYWAY
Implement either a linked css or included css -  DO NOT USE INLINE -- ALSO YOU WILL DO THIS ANYWAY WHEN YOU CREATE YOUR FILE
Create a layout using either flex, grid or positions - Surprise, this will also be done anyway. 
Create a nav section 
Create two sections 
Create two parents and two children
Implement fonts, colors and font sizes 
Use pseudoclasses for your links 
The layout should include more than 3 (three) divs  -- THIS WILL BE ACCOMPLISHED VERY EASILY 
Create elements using padding, margins and borders (hint: buttons make this really easy) 
Position anything using one of these position types: absolute, relative or sticky
Style the elements and your layout 
Use the @media identifier to make the page responsive

2pts Extra credit:  what did I do wrong in the Positioning Practical (the one with siggy!). Hint, use the link below to refresh your memory! 
-----

okay first off
I did notice that the positioning practical didn't achieve the Figma design
getting my follow-along to the Figma design involved layout stuff
so, my best guess is the absence of that
but how does that count as "wrong?"
or is that overthinking?
maybe it's the pink dashed border on the buttons? 
the given code isn't accomplishing that

Whatever. 
Copy-paste that in the text submission field
maybe one of those is right

-----
submission guidelines

link to figma design, think I know how to do that
link to Github repo of the CSS stylesheet?
link to webpage
would only make sense to also link the github for the main html doc

the final page has to be week3.html
so it looks like we have a week3.html and a week3styles.css
okay, moving into my main folder here, so I can backlink to the current index

-----
doc setup.

"use pseudoclasses for links" you mean apply hover/active?

this is abruptly seeming a lot less intimidating

wanting to make a button at the end of the page for returning to index.html
actually, adding in the github repo links there could work too

I am thinking of the "onclick" property thingy I saw in Perchance a lot
let's search MDN
or maybe, just an active modifier and disguising the button-a could work?

can I predict what the github repo links would be?
copying link for cat.html

https://github.com/NebulousOcelot/NebulousOcelot.github.io/blob/main/cat.html
so that same link, except ending in week3.html and week3styles.css

bottom nav, stays
top nav, disappears

concept.
let's make this an arthur and ford page

more than 3 divs
is that > or >= 3?
is two divs of the same class okay?

okay thinking I gotta get the Figma going

PXL_20251006_163857302.jpg is Ford
PXL_20251014_215209055.MP.jpg is Arthur

Concept is set
need to get it into Figma and style

effective 1280 x 800 resolution for my computer

we need a font
let's use the berkshire swash again?
and also work in a web-safe font for the text?

do I even want to test what the barebones looks like in live server.
let's do it

first off, resize the images

I really wish I had an input button to tell it to display media view.

Hmm. main design up, need to add more text and padding+margins
and then do the media query view

Ideal end design for the main view has been achieved.
No wait. Hover. Dangit.

Okay, did that.

Media view, working.
Regular view, let's test.
Still works.

Am I actually done?
... yeah, I think I am.
Upload to Github and submit.
